Alrighty, so moving along
with our development process,
in this video we'll cover step two
of developing the JPA Entities for Country and State.
Alrighty, so let's go ahead and swing
into our IntelliJ IDE.
Let me zoom in here for a second.
So, we'll move into our src, main, java, our package.
I'm going to add some new classes in this entity package.
So I'll just create a new class here.
And the name of this class is Country.
And I'll just expand my window here.
So this is our JPA Entity,
so up top I'll make use of the @Entity annotation,
and also the @Table annotation to map it to a given table.
And I'll also make use of Lombok here
to generate the getters and setters for me.
Okay, so let's go ahead and define
the fields here for id, code and name,
and then I'll just go ahead and set up
the JPA mapping tier
for mapping these fields to given columns.
And so Id is our primary key,
so that's our @Id and the @GeneratedValue here.
Now just kind of copy-paste that @Column,
X number of times,
and I'll simply change the name here.
So id, code, and name,
so those are the three columns
that we're mapping to in our database table.
Okay, so the coding for this entity class looks pretty good.
Now there's one thing that we have to do is a TODO.
We need to set up our one-to-many relationship
because one country has many states,
but for right now, just leave it as a comment.
I won't write the code yet.
I'll wait until I create the class for state
and then I'll come back and take care of this TODO,
but at least it's here to just remind me
that I have more work to do.
Now, let's go back to this entity package
and let's create a new Java class for State.
And so, this is a very similar process
to what we did for Country, right?
So we'll simply give our JPA annotations,
and then I'll make use of the @Data annotation from Lombok.
And the same drill,
I set up the fields here for the table.
And so for the country_id
this is actually going to map back to the given country object,
so we'll add a special annotation there.
I'll come back to that in a second.
But let's go ahead and just put
the basic annotations in place right now.
So for our primary key field Id,
and then I'll just copy that column
and put it here above name.
And so name equals name, all right.
And now this many-to-one relationship,
because many states belong to one country, so @ManyToOne,
and then the join column will join on country_id.
That's the actual column that we're joining on
in the state table.
And so that country_id maps back
to the actual country table
as a foreign key relationship.
Okay, so now that our state's in place,
now we can kind of swing back to
that TODO statement that we had,
and we can kind of resolve it now.
So in Country.java, that's where I'm at right now,
down at our little TODO,
I'll kind of zoom in here for a bit
and I'll make use of this OneToMany,
and this is going to be mapped by country.
And so we have a list of states
that are mapped by the country.
Alrighty, and I can remove the TODO
because we're done with it.
All right, so this looks pretty good so far
with setting up that one-to-many relationship.
And yeah, so we're pretty much done
with writing the code here for our JPA Entities
for Country and State.
So we set up the basic fields,
and we also set up the relationships
of one-to-many and many-to-one.
Alrighty, good job.